# 1 Player = 1 Agent

This generation option allows players to play as specific agents.

## Assigning agents

The host is responsible for assigning agents to players. The player list will contain a dropdown list with all agents in the game beside each player's name.

Multiple players can play a single agent, but not vice versa.

## Effects on gameplay

After the host assigns an agent to a player, that agent's tooltip (as shown in the home panel on the lower left, where all agents' small icons are shown) will contain "Played by %playername%".

If a player tries to take an action as an agent that is assigned to somebody else, that action is not taken and a warning is displayed.

As a direct consequence of the above, a player who has no agent assigned can only control units that are not assigned to anybody else (like drones).

## Playing as Incognita

Incognita also counts as an agent for these purposes. If she is assigned to a player(s), only that player(s) may perform mainframe actions.

## Agentless Players Force Yield

This generation option, when coupled with Backstab Protocols, automatically yields turns of players that have no active agents assigned.

Active agents are agents that are not missing, KO'd or dead. Incognita is always active.

As a fallback, if all players would yield their turn because of this, the host will still get a turn to prevent softlocks because of invalid agent assignments.

## Mod interactions

* [Shirsh's N-Umi](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=631893507): N-Umi's Spider Drone is controlled by the same player as N-Umi herself (but extra players may be assigned to the Spider Drone itself)
* [RaXaH's MAA](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2833492968): Prism (Archive B) counts as active while inside the mainframe (even though she is KO'd)
* [Schysm](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2268393737): Both Schysms are controlled by a single player
